outline.md, before:

- Helpful Links
    - [Course Page](https://ce.jccc.edu/courseDisplay.cfm?schID=28363)
    - [Book materials](https://www.murach.com/shop/murachs-html5-and-css3-4th-edition-detail)

- Structure of a web project folder index.html, style.css
    - index.html
    - style.css
    - script.js
- Structure of and HTML document
    - Doctype declaration
    - Document Tree
    - Head Element
    - Body Element
    - Content tags
    - Opening and Closing tags
    - Attributes
    - Comments
- Commonly used HTML elements
    - Text Elements
        - Headers
        - Paragraph
        - Special Text
        - Inline Elements
        - Character Entities
    - Core Attributes
        - id
        - class
        - title
        - lang
    - Semantic Elements
        - main
        - section
        - Article
        - Nav
        - Aside
        - Footer
    - Non-semantic Structure Elements
        - Div
        - Span
    - Anchor tags
    - Lists
        - Unordered
        - Ordered
    - Images
- Introduction to CSS Styling
    - Three Ways to Include Style
        - External Stylesheet
        - Style tag in Head Element
        - Inline
    - Style rule
    - Selector
        - element
        - id
        - class
    - Declaration
    - Comments

Commit message:

more exercises and gh-pages link

outline.md, after:

- Helpful Links
    - [Course Page](https://ce.jccc.edu/courseDisplay.cfm?schID=28363)
    - [Book materials](https://www.murach.com/shop/murachs-html5-and-css3-4th-edition-detail)
    - [GH-Pages](https://pages.github.com/) - can be used for publishing static web pages
- Structure of a web project folder index.html, style.css
    - index.html
    - style.css
    - script.js
- Structure of and HTML document
    - Doctype declaration
    - Document Tree
    - Head Element
    - Body Element
    - Content tags
    - Opening and Closing tags
    - Attributes
    - Comments
- Commonly used HTML elements
    - Text Elements
        - Headers
        - Paragraph
        - Special Text
        - Inline Elements
        - Character Entities
    - Core Attributes
        - id
        - class
        - title
        - lang
    - Semantic Elements
        - main
        - section
        - Article
        - Nav
        - Aside
        - Footer
    - Non-semantic Structure Elements
        - Div
        - Span
    - Anchor tags
    - Lists
        - Unordered
        - Ordered
    - Images
- Introduction to CSS Styling
    - Three Ways to Include Style
        - External Stylesheet
        - Style tag in Head Element
        - Inline
    - Style rule
    - Selector
        - element
        - id
        - class
    - Declaration
    - Comments
